well rift rivals is over and I'm drying
it right now by lemon for the first week
back
first off lemon fly quests been an
interesting split for you guys you know
but you seem to be doing better what's
what's your take on the team's
performance so far I think we've still
been underperforming I think we can do a
lot better than we are currently so
hopefully we can kind of pull it back
together I think yeah do you think
there's a chance that you make it to
playoffs then go through the gauntlet do
the crazy thing that you guys did
previously on cloud 9 and make it to
Worlds I mean there's Chan that's a
question yes if that's the question all
right I mean realistically what's been
going on behind the scenes that has
caused you guys to perform um honestly I
think there's a lot of issues that I
kind of stacked together to make us
underperform we've kind of struggled
with mid game with champion pool with
kind of I don't know just a lot of
different issues like coming together to
kind of make it so that we've had bad
games and these are things we have to
kind of work through slowly and I think
we've been working through a lot of them
we've got we fixed a decent amount of
the issues but we still are you know not
playing perfectly at all so we
definitely still have work to go do you
think that the issues are on the team
front or on the player front as in like
do you think it's it's you know our
players performing to the top and that's
just like guys need to figure it out on
the team side no I mean we've definitely
had individual OTT of individual
mistakes as well as team mistakes like
it's definitely both okay yeah okay
there's a cart over here let's show if I
think they're waiting for us to wrap the
interview so we can get to they can get
to the ramp so hopefully we can do this
quickly
in my last interview with LG gets you
guys need to get through here oh are you
you can't no you could just come through
it's fine
okay well the stairs yeah I feel really
I'm not trying they can totally use the
ramp I've told them they can use the
ramp
card counter can we get a shot of a
mysterious like heart oh no it's already
gone
okay well that was it it was an
action-packed moment in this interview I
feel really bad about this now
all right so hey you should feel bad
listen it's really bright over there
this is best place through the interview
all right getting back on track we were
talking about fly quest getting back on
track and what are the steps that the
team has taken to try to increase the
performance of the team oh I mean we
basically just then I mean we've been
recognizing all of our mistakes and
they're mostly basic like they're not
like like super complicated things to
fix yeah it's just making sure that we
do it every time we don't kind of like
fall back to bad habits and just like
working through them constantly it's
kind of what we've been trying to do
because we definitely keep making
mistakes that are very very avoidable
and very easy to fix but yeah I don't
know we just keep doing it so I think we
just kind of have to keep reinforcing
like good habits in scrims basically and
keep reinforcing kind of the right
things to do yeah now in my last
interview with Apollo you were standing
over there and I asked him to rate you
while you were listening and he said sto
best support ever what is your take on
Apollo as an ad carry especially it's
even better to ask about him because
there was that whole ad carry tearless
controversy I didn't really see that ad
carry tearless what was he on so free
created him a tear I don't think there
wasn't a steer so he said he was best
but he was ranking them he put him over
like a double lift and maybe sneak like
some of the more established and
consider you know widely considered
really good ad carries you know well I
don't know I haven't really seen Apollo
say to Kari play Athena's support play
though and I would definitely say he's
probably the best in the world okay yeah
okay like a better support than you yeah
I mean for sure
he shits on me yeah that's impressive
uh all right anyway I did not expect an
answer
sneaky was sitting over there was gonna
ask him about your where you drank him
but he's now gone yeah he did so uh I
think he saw you looking at him okay you
guys still get to talk and hang out
I guidance sometimes yeah because I
thought there was a leaked photo of him
hanging out with meteos over on Sawtelle
yeah I thought that you could jealous
about that or having you guys are all on
different teams now is it weird no okay
that's good glad glad to hear that
I'm trying I think if there's oh you
know what I also interviewed Peter today
does you know what else do I do with my
time and he had a lot to say about the
patch that is coming out you like to
bring a Peter quite a bit in every
interview and every interview but I also
brought of Apollo nobody's gonna make a
reddit comment about me bringing up
Apollo you know yeah but you don't have
to have that you know well you don't
know that people need to go back and
look at all my interviews and see if I
have it happen anyway he was complaining
about the patch and a new patch yeah
yeah and you recently did an interview
with blitz where you're like this is the
best game that has ever been designed
ever I think that was the I'm
paraphrasing the headline the best
balanced game that I've ever played yes
yeah yeah I was that's true making over
traumatic but what do you think of the
patch that's coming out because he and I
think some of the other TSM members have
had some harsh words about it yeah so a
lot of people are complaining about
basically the lethality items being way
too strong on the patch and that does
seem to be the case like they seem to be
way overpowered I've yet to kind of see
them in scrims or anything like that so
I'm not sure how it's going to transfer
over from stoichea so I'll withhold
judgment for now yeah
all right so that's your very very light
handed on that yeah yeah I mean I guess
I'm just not sure how it's going to play
out it definitely does seem to be a bit
too much it seems like it's going to
make some ad carry's like really really
far for like like back when they made
lethality OB you know like four or five
months ago yeah but we'll see I'll play
so
I just discovered something remarkable
while we're talking the inside of your
of your glasses say lemon yeah is that
like did you pay for them to do that
yeah that's what I did is that because
you are if you lose your glasses often
you want to make sure people know that
they're yours yeah we can return them to
elimination if I glasses yeah or you
could certainly might mistake him for
another lemons glasses no not actually
all right just because it's a unique
name mm-hmm it's very good so anything
that you would like to say to any of the
adoring fans out there that are just
like man I love watching laminations
interviews display just I am the most
passionate fan they just seek you know
any kind of message from you they're
just like if he had any message to give
me I would want to know what it is
they're either you have to say for those
people um no I guess I don't check out
the rest of our coverage of all things
League of Legends eSports here on my
youtube channel hope you enjoyed that
interview I thought it was only okay but
you can you can support more okay
coverage of the NA LCS right here on
this youtube channel or by checking out
Travis Khafre comm slash support